---
subcategory: "S3 (Simple Storage)"
page_title: "RadosGW: radosgw_s3_bucket_website_configuration"
description: |-
  Manages an S3 bucket website configuration in RadosGW. This resource configures a bucket to serve static website content.
  When configured, the bucket content is accessible through the RadosGW S3 website endpoint: http://<bucket>.<rgw-host>:<port>.
  ~> Note: S3 buckets only support a single website configuration. Declaring multiple radosgw_s3_bucket_website_configuration resources for the same bucket will cause conflicts.
  ~> Note: When this resource is destroyed, the website configuration is removed from the bucket.
---

# radosgw_s3_bucket_website_configuration

Manages an S3 bucket website configuration in RadosGW. This resource configures a bucket to serve static website content.

When configured, the bucket content is accessible through the RadosGW S3 website endpoint: `http://<bucket>.<rgw-host>:<port>`.

~> **Note:** S3 buckets only support a single website configuration. Declaring multiple `radosgw_s3_bucket_website_configuration` resources for the same bucket will cause conflicts.

~> **Note:** When this resource is destroyed, the website configuration is removed from the bucket.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Basic website configuration with index document
resource "radosgw_s3_bucket" "example" {
  bucket = "my-website-bucket"
}

resource "radosgw_s3_bucket_website_configuration" "example" {
  bucket = radosgw_s3_bucket.example.bucket

  index_document {
    suffix = "index.html"
  }
}

# Website with index and error documents
resource "radosgw_s3_bucket_website_configuration" "with_error_page" {
  bucket = radosgw_s3_bucket.example.bucket

  index_document {
    suffix = "index.html"
  }

  error_document {
    key = "error.html"
  }
}

# Redirect all requests to another host
resource "radosgw_s3_bucket" "redirect" {
  bucket = "my-redirect-bucket"
}

resource "radosgw_s3_bucket_website_configuration" "redirect" {
  bucket = radosgw_s3_bucket.redirect.bucket

  redirect_all_requests_to {
    host_name = "www.example.com"
    protocol  = "https"
  }
}

# Website with routing rules
resource "radosgw_s3_bucket_website_configuration" "with_routing" {
  bucket = radosgw_s3_bucket.example.bucket

  index_document {
    suffix = "index.html"
  }

  error_document {
    key = "error.html"
  }

  routing_rule {
    condition {
      key_prefix_equals = "docs/"
    }
    redirect {
      replace_key_prefix_with = "documents/"
    }
  }

  routing_rule {
    condition {
      http_error_code_returned_equals = "404"
    }
    redirect {
      replace_key_with = "error.html"
    }
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:


* `bucket` - (Required) The name of the bucket.


* `error_document` - (Optional) The name of the error document for the website. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--error_document))
* `index_document` - (Optional) The name of the index document for the website. Required if `redirect_all_requests_to` is not specified. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--index_document))
* `redirect_all_requests_to` - (Optional) Redirect behavior for every request to this bucket's website endpoint. Conflicts with `index_document`, `error_document`, and `routing_rule`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--redirect_all_requests_to))
* `routing_rule` - (Optional) A list of rules that define when a redirect is applied and the redirect behavior. Conflicts with `redirect_all_requests_to`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--routing_rule))


## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `bucket` - See Argument Reference above.
* `error_document` - See Argument Reference above.
* `index_document` - See Argument Reference above.
* `redirect_all_requests_to` - See Argument Reference above.
* `routing_rule` - See Argument Reference above.

<a id="nestedblock--error_document"></a>
### Nested Schema for `error_document`

Required:

- `key` (String) The object key name to use when a 4XX class error occurs.



<a id="nestedblock--index_document"></a>
### Nested Schema for `index_document`

Required:

- `suffix` (String) A suffix that is appended to a request that is for a directory on the website endpoint. For example, if the suffix is `index.html` and you make a request to `samplebucket/images/`, the data that is returned will be for the object with the key name `images/index.html`. The suffix must not be empty and must not include a slash character.



<a id="nestedblock--redirect_all_requests_to"></a>
### Nested Schema for `redirect_all_requests_to`

Required:

- `host_name` (String) Name of the host where requests are redirected.



- `protocol` (String) Protocol to use when redirecting requests. The default is the protocol that is used in the original request. Valid values: `http`, `https`.



<a id="nestedblock--routing_rule"></a>
### Nested Schema for `routing_rule`



- `condition` (Block List) A condition that must be met for the specified redirect to apply. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--routing_rule--condition))
- `redirect` (Block List) Redirect information. You can redirect requests to another host, to another page, or with another protocol. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--routing_rule--redirect))


<a id="nestedblock--routing_rule--condition"></a>
### Nested Schema for `routing_rule.condition`



- `http_error_code_returned_equals` (String) The HTTP error code when the redirect is applied. If specified with `key_prefix_equals`, then both conditions must be true for the redirect to be applied.
- `key_prefix_equals` (String) The object key name prefix when the redirect is applied. If specified with `http_error_code_returned_equals`, then both conditions must be true for the redirect to be applied.



<a id="nestedblock--routing_rule--redirect"></a>
### Nested Schema for `routing_rule.redirect`



- `host_name` (String) The host name to use in the redirect request.
- `http_redirect_code` (String) The HTTP redirect code to use on the response.
- `protocol` (String) Protocol to use when redirecting requests. The default is the protocol that is used in the original request. Valid values: `http`, `https`.
- `replace_key_prefix_with` (String) The object key prefix to use in the redirect request. For example, to redirect requests for all pages with prefix `docs/` to `documents/`, set `key_prefix_equals` to `docs/` in the condition and `replace_key_prefix_with` to `/documents` in the redirect. Cannot be specified with `replace_key_with`.
- `replace_key_with` (String) The specific object key to use in the redirect request. For example, redirect request to `error.html`. Cannot be specified with `replace_key_prefix_with`.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Import a bucket website configuration by bucket name
terraform import radosgw_s3_bucket_website_configuration.example "my-bucket-name"
```
